Starting with the class from which they inherit more classes: ActionGenerator.
This class generates a chain of actions to be decided by the agent.

Here is the figure that shows the class inheritance.

<Figure>

This class has two public members: a "shared pointer" and a "shared constant pointer".

"The shared_ptr class template stores a pointer to a dynamically allocated object, typically with a new-expression C ++. The object pointed to is guaranteed to be deleted when the last shared_ptr pointing to it is destroyed or reset"
  ** More on **: http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_53_0/libs/smart_ptr/shared_ptr.htm

The class also has one more constructor and one constructor-copy not used according to the comment written above them.

Here are some methods of this class:
```cpp
/ *!
   \ Brief Generates a string of action-state pairs (ActionStatePair)
   \ Param result Stores the value generated by the "action-state"
   \ Param state Last state to generate a new "action-state"
   \ Param wm Current world view in the initial state
   \ Param path "state-action" string from initial state to final state
* /
virtual void generate( std::vector< ActionStatePair > * result,
                   const PredictState & state,
                   const rcsc::WorldModel & wm,
                   const std::vector< ActionStatePair > & path ) const = 0;

/ *!
* \ Brief Adds the generated states to the M_generators vector
* \ Param g Instance of class ActionGenerator
* /
void addGenerator( const ActionGenerator * g )
      {
          if ( g )
          {
              M_generators.push_back( ConstPtr( g ) );
          }
      }
```

This class serves as an inheritance for several classes that will generate basic chain of actions like kicking, passing and crossing. All these actions are taken into account according to the action to be taken in group (CooperativeAction) and with the state to be predicted (PredictState). These two information are stored in an instance of the ActionStatePair class.

All classes of type "action_gen_" have a generate method (which is a method in parent class, ActionGenerator). The generate method aims to generate a chain of actions to be taken according to each predicted state. The player's world model is passed as a parameter, as well as a vector pointer that will store the ActionStatePair result.

Each generate method of each act_gen_ class, therefore, has its particularity and is explained in its specific wiki.


